# Forecasting-Engine---Regression-
Forecasting the pay offered/expected to a candidate based on various factors  

Problem Description  
Forecasting is an important approach to take an optimal decision to run any organization. Predicting the possible earnings package for the candidate based on the profile ie., with the help of various factors such as demographic/personal details, academic background, different soft skills details.  A leading IT company wants to automate its recruitment cell including the pay fixations as one of the components of its automated system. For this component, it wants to build a forecasting engine for the pay scales for the individuals based on their demographics/personal information, academic background and soft skills. Compensation planning is very important for the companies to make sure the continued retention of the high performers with the best talent and skill set. Hence, the optimal pay offer is important which is possible by this forecasting engine.  This engines helps the organization to offer the appropriate pay and to meet the possible expectations of the candidate also. This kind of engine can be used by the career counselling companies also to provide proper guidance to students/candidates by matching the profile. Also the engine can be used by the educational institutions / boards to understand their student groups' employability level in the market and take action accordingly for organizational growth. Selecting the important factors/features that affect the pay offered to a candidate, could give an idea of different skills and their scores expected by the industry.  You are expected to do independent search in understanding the factors and the domain in little more detail and forecast the pay to an individual based on the data provided. Also study the data which is provided to you and make your own notes on how you can use the data most effectively to predict the compensation/salary. Discuss if your model is universal or can help only one segment of people (like, only pay fixation department in an organization or career counselling company etc.). Justify properly for any argument or assumptions you make.  

The datasets are provided as cited below for forecasting the pay:  
AttributeLevelsDescription_MITH.xls - depicts attributes description Data : 
i.Train.csv, 
ii.Test.csv 
Note: The attributes "Score in ComputerProgramming", "Score in ElectronicsAndSemicon", "Score in ComputerScience", "Score in MechanicalEngg", "Score in ElectricalEngg", "Score in TelecomEngg", "Score in CivilEngg" should be considered while building the model. You may do the feature engineering here without dropping them.  

